---
layout: post
title:  "Day 41: Molasses Tuesday"
date:   2016-08-30
categories: [log]
comments: false
tags: [log, servo]
authors: Jeena and Malisa
---

## Things we did:
- Test Curation
    - Categorized the tests! I haven't filed the issues yet, but it boils down to roughly two large groups:
      - "Promise is not defined": While the test messages are saying promise is not defined, these tests are in fact related to body. Body has a few methods that return `Promise`.
      - "xxxxdict is not iterable": OpenEndedDictionary needs to be implemented. What Nick said about this: "OpenEndedDictionary isn't supported in HeadersInit, bindings glue tries to convert the object into something that is supported in HeadersInit. The object is not a Headers object, so that doesn't work. Then the glue code tries to treat it as a Sequence. However, it is not an iterable sequence, so it throws the error you're seeing."
    - There are a few notes:
      - Each API has a `-idl.html` test file that are currently timing out. I'm not exactly sure what they do, but it looks like once webidls are fully implemented, these tests will pass.
      - Some subtests related to stream like `readableStream`fail. I'm not sure if `stream` is something we can implement or is already implemented. Will have to ask someone knows more about this.
      - Response is currently throwing an error about network error code. Malisa will be working on this!
- Response
    - PR is finally ready to be merged (or so we thought), but Jeena discovered a test which is failing which should be passing, so I'm fixing that up.
- Body
    - Tried to understand how/where I should be implementing Body. Decided to start with writing body's [`extract`](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#concept-bodyinit-extract) method.

## Things we learned:
- In JavaScript there is a distinction between `for ... of` loops and `for ... in` loops. E.g.
    - In Python, `for x in foo` is the same as in JS, `for (x of foo)`. In this case, `x` is the object you ultimately want to view or manipulate.
    - In Python, `for x in foo.keys()` is the same as in JS, `for (x in foo)`. In this case, `x` is the key to the dictionary you might what to iterate over.

## TODO:
- Response
    - Figure out how to encode StatusCode 0 as an Enum, which is not supported currently.
- Body
    - Start implementing `extract` as well as I can w/o ReadableStream
- Test Curation
    - File issues for the large groups of failing tests
