---
layout: post
title:  "Day 48: RustConf Weekend!!1!"
date:   2016-09-09
categories: [log]
comments: false
tags: [log, rust]
authors: Jeena and Malisa
---

## Things we did:
- Promise in Fetch
    - Wrote `process_response` method. I think the remaining relevant `FetchResponseListener` methods are `process_response_eof` (invoked when fetching response is complete) and `process_response_chunk` (invoked when fetching response body). But `process_response_eof` requires response trailer support, which is not implemented, and `process_response_chunk` can probably wait until the response body is implemented.
    - Turns out when Josh said to create FetchContext later when it's necessary, he meant literally creating it further down in the method (like physically located further down). Haha oops! I started working on creating FetchContext!
- Body
    - Started implementing the Body functions without ReadableStream. The spec refers to streams a lot, but servo doesn't implement ReadableStream, so I am trying to figure out how to write things correctly using Vec<u8> instead. Set up skeleton code for implementing [text](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#dom-body-text) for dom::Request and dom::Response. Then dug into dom::Response's `text()`, which led to writing bits of `consume_body()`, `run_package_data_algorithm()`, and `utf8_decode()`.

## Things we learned:
- In order to use `Promise::maybe_resolve_native()` and the like, it needs a `JS Context` parameter. JS Context can be obtained through `self.global().r().get_cx()`. JSContext is a context in which JS can be invoked, and is required by APIs that interact with the JS engine (or it can use a JSRuntime argument). It's confusing to me, but for now, I'll just think of it as a connector to the JS world! (probably not 100% accurate).
- `vec.drain(..3);` removes the first 3 elements of a vec.

## TODO:
- Promise in Fetch
    - make FetchContext struct
- Body
    - Write the step that [runs UTF-8's decoder](https://encoding.spec.whatwg.org/#utf-8-decode).
