---
layout: post
title:  "Day 44: Promise Compilation and Starting Body"
date:   2016-09-02
categories: [log]
comments: false
tags: [log, servo]
authors: Jeena and Malisa
---

## Things we did:
- Test Curation
    - [Added](https://github.com/servo/servo/issues/11894#issuecomment-244184468) Response test results, and broke down Body implementation related test failures.
- Promise in Fetch
    - Here are my observations so that I can let jdm know when he's back:
        - When `Fetch.webidl` and `window.rs`/`workerglobalscope.rs` state that `fetch()` returns a void, and `fetch()` does return a void, it compiles.
        - When `Fetch.webidl` and `window.rs`/`workerglobalscope.rs` state that `fetch()` returns a void, but `fetch()` returns Promise, it compiles. This is strange because the compiler should throw a type mismatch error.
        - When `Fetch.webidl` or `window.rs`/`workerglobalscope.rs` state that `fetch()` returns a Promise, and `fetch()`does return Promise, compiler fails with this [error](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/36092).
        - This rust bug is fixed with the latest nightly which Servo uses. When I rebase `jdm:promises` on top of the latest `servo:master`, a lot of conflicts happen and I'm not sure how to resolve them as I'm unfamiliar with the changes. I tried a few approaches (not really organized…) and they all have failed :disappointed:
- Response
    - :baby_chick: Waiting for merge/squash time!
- Body
    - Started writing Body implementation for Response! Spent some time understanding why it's a double Option: `pub body: Option<Option<UnionTypes::BlobOrFormDataOrStringOrURLSearchParams >>` (thanks Jeena! :D)

## Things we learned:
- Chrome and Firefox are both outdated with their Headers `get` and `getAll` functions!

## TODO:
- Promise in Fetch
    - I think what I can at this moment is done. I want to know how to solve the issue explained above.
- Body
    - Start working on the extract body function
